I get it
Well, you are welcome to the new
salsa section we will explain the
new champions that are coming out in the
such an invoking air in the flay code itself
we started obviously with the newest
hunter that is brown the new support or
support has just come out and well you know
how is not bald last good in a forum
It's really cool I've seen those too
push-ups that we had before and I think
that we are going to go that we care that they are
the skills what we all want
see and let's start with the passive to
please read in real time in English is
so bolón see verón and his allies
they work together to study a
target after basic brawn attacks
apply when the blog contest
first one is that is applied ie
the first blow also the attacks
Basic Allies Make
conclusions lose that is to say the first
blow of de brown will be the one that starts that
account but then the allies also
can they help so he went into team fais
it's going to be great that we're going
to do that to hit a hit and such with
reach four stacks the goal is
study for about 25 seconds and
receives 70 the magic year in addition during
the facts the next eight seconds
you will not be able to live stacks it's a shame
You will be able to study all the time
someone but they will continue to receive 14 year
magical extra for part
brawn so even though you can not
apply stacks also comes in handy
that still keep hitting now let's see
like my partner in salsa to hit me
those four punches and it's going to leave me
first 1 on 2 and will be
perfectly and the room hurts me
magic and it's also tunea and
any this new brawn that is
of fire that is dragons layer
It's fire and now I'm going to look at a sauce
stop hitting me
and let's stop let's see what in the
normal ice skin on the tracks
but we have 12
and 4 freezes and we'll see how in the
next eight seconds we do not make it
this but we do not do extra magic damage and
now let's catch an allied champion
to be able to do the skills of the
good allies because now we go with
the skills of brawn works to
keep explaining the passive because as
We have commented before if you have a
ally who hits basic attacks
after you also apply those stacks
of the passive so let's make a
example with the dragon that the poor thing
let's hesitate all the time to
teach the skills and we started a
blow I put the passive let's say how
part of any passive they are placed
at the time and it manages to explode so
well the more ally they are hitting
in this case the enemy more are
we will apply and it will be much easier
put them tuna and the bot line goes to
noticing enough now let's go with the cv
directly the bite of winter in
English or wing in Spanish or winters bait
in English
Brawn makes a hit of ice from his
shield doing 130 damage to level 3 a
level 1 I think it was far less
plus 36 that equals those 36 to 2.5 for
one hundred of brawn's maximum life
this magical year to the first goal that
hits and will also load 70 metes
hundred that falls in two seconds is to say
is falling little by little there is a
zero and also applies an extract
including what we seek to apply the q
we have put on we will see how they see
keeps hitting and in the end it also comes out
string again
of the compulsive blog are also complicated
with the cuckoo which if you do not get to put
completely and you can not hit a blow but
you put him here also counts for then
be able to do a study and continue with
the cc then we go with the w the w is a
of jump seems to me of injuries
practically the same only that instead of
give life the magic resistance armor
for three seconds in addition this armor and
mighty magic resistance
and earn more the more armor and more
older and we have that is 20 in this
case at level one plus 14% of the
armor and magical residence of brawn in
this case the 14 portions 6 and not if they are
6 and 1
and then we have like that man cable
and broke in
in Spanish that brawn reduces the damage
that comes to him and blocks block to
for the allies he has behind blown
raise your shield in one direction by
three seconds denying the damage of the brush
next attack in that direction further
the next two attacks that come
then at 30% reduced damage
also interprets projectiles but not
it's like the yasuo wall that eliminates them
and is already but simply the
eat brawn thus reducing that by 30%
damage to level 1 and as it goes
raising the level reduces a little less
of the year we're going to blame him in this
case to the Aragonese so you can see how
hit and then I reduce the damage of the
aic
it's over and hits us a little more 39 now
and finally finally we have the last
that we are going to come from salsa and me
online that there are not many wines going to
do what is
Brawn hit the ground not staying at all
the enemies that are nearby in a line
and it's in front of that fissure stays
a time that also slows the
enemies
150 the magic year the first champion
that hits rises up and the
these enemies also praised
but much shorter during the
next four seconds those who are
in that area they are slowed by a
60% let's see what we throw here
everyone gets up front raised more
the recipes a little less and no longer
they are necessary has slow so
basically we do a count we have
the passive you placed a hit and the
following four hits
the English hits will make it a
magical damage plus a study not with five
seconds about 35 if I'm not wrong not
with 25 to neither of the two then
We have the ability to do magic damage
here we have it also applies our
passive from master to chalk we do not want
that the w that is a jump to help
our partner and provide
aggressive armor that probably
will be combined with the classmates on
the first damage that comes in addition to
show off all the damage and take us all
projectiles for us and then also
we have the last and bloody we have
seen that raises the whole world and
else do you see it area in conclusion I
I think it's going to be a very complete character
that is going to have a lot of game that
use time
even some people as if someone by
example compares them with utility with
characters like 3 so it's going to be a
character that is going to be used well and
He also has a bull that is not always
fly I hope you liked this
champions review this review of
champions which is the first
suggestive leave us comments has
liked the video I like